AI #1336: Refactor entity name references and usage (#1567)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/datasets/cost_and_usage/columns/availabilityzone.md

# Availability Zone

An [*availability zone*](#glossary:availability-zone) is a host-provider-assigned identifier for a physically separated and isolated area within a Region that provides high availability and fault tolerance. Availability Zone is commonly used for scenarios like analyzing cross-zone data transfer usage and the corresponding cost based on where [*resources*](#glossary:resource) are deployed.

The AvailabilityZone column adheres to the following requirements:

> * AvailabilityZone is RECOMMENDED to be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the data generator supports deploying resources or services within an *availability zone*.

Author: Fix this it needs to be host-provider

Author: ```suggestion
* AvailabilityZone is RECOMMENDED to be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the host-provider supports deploying resources or services within an *availability zone*.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* AvailabilityZone is RECOMMENDED to be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the host provider supports deploying resources or services within an *availability zone*.
```
